---
date: 2018-11-22 12:26:40
layout: post
title: ""
subtitle: 
description: Payday 3 takes place after the ending of Payday 2 where the Payday Gang went separate ways and left their lives of crime, but being double-crossed and losing all of their money causes the Payday Gang to return to the life of crime.
image: https://gpstatic.com/acache/61/64/1/uk/t620x300-fc51ff12133f83121b596031562084e9.jpg
optimized_image: 
category: Payday 3
tags:
  - starbreeze studios
  - heists
  - fps
author: robstewart
paginate: false
---

This first season of Payday 3 will showcase all the bugs and glitches I find while playing the game. My hope with Payday 3 in particular is to pick up on bugs that come about from running over a network on server with multiple end users. So far this is proving difficult due to finding friends that are willing to play on a regular basis, there's too many good games out as of writing this.

## Episode 1
### Awkward User Interface
Platform: Xbox Series X <br>
Firmware version number: <br>
Software version number: 1.0.0.0624677 <br>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xWCbKr2Djpc?si=GWZxKdO60jWDcyH5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Description:
* After inviting a friend to your heist party the cursor moves to the bottom of your friends list located on the left side automatically. This is very frustrating to deal with everytime you play with friends, it would be worse if the game had more than four players.
* Another justifiable nitpick is the options bar that runs along the bottom of the screen, the LS and RS shuold be swapped around, I have instinctively went to click on LS to invite to party solely because it's the first thumbstick option when reading from left to right which the majority of humans do.
* Furthermore, the ability to remove and block players shouldn't be so easily accessable, people on these lists tend to be friends afterall. But that's not to say the feature should be removed, it should be hidden behind a sub menu that you may access by pushing in the left stick. 